I love you so much. Um, let me ask you this. I love you too, man.
I'm glad that you came today, man. I'm glad you invited me too.
I really appreciate it, man. I'm glad to be here. I'm love.
I love that you live it. Did you are rich now, dude.
You are.
I'm not. I'll tell you why.
I'm not [inaudible] we make up about the same money
I just saved. I've been saving over the years. Cause I do.
I've been in that condo saving to be rich.
Look at you dude. Huh?
I bet you got a ramen made out a stake in this.
It's hard to make it into that form, but I.
Yeah, I got people to pound that out, bro. Yeah. But um, you know,
this is years of saving and you know, I, you know, I've got animals bro,
you know? Oh yeah, you guys did have a bunch of animals.
You guys don't have a loose animal. Yeah. They're upstairs in the house. Oh,
the reason why I bought this place because you come in the podcast area,
you know? Yeah, yeah. No, this is great, man. This is awesome.
I'm happy for you man. I'm I'm glad that you have a place, you know,
it's nice to get a place.
Probably feels more settling and you guys live together now.
We've always lived together.
Yeah. We have to get there for almost seven years, you know? Yeah.
We're like married almost five. Right?
The last apartment was livable.
Livable.
It just seemed like it didn't seem like everybody could live there.
Right. With the animals and humans you mean? Yeah. And the animals too. Very,
very, yeah. There's there was a lot going on there.
So there's something I want to share with my, my podcast. Um,
fans listening,
and I want to share with you cause you're a close friend of mine is um,
when my dad died in August, I relapsed and I just want to say that because, um,
I know that a lot of people listen to this podcast and knew that I had 17 years
of sobriety and knew and you know,
a lot of people ask questions about how do I get sober or how do I get my
brother sober? And um, I relapsed, I just got out of an institution. Um,
not an institution. Yes it is. That's so that's like a college bro or an FBI.
That's what it looked like holding Bureau that's investigation.
So I have 11 days sober. I've been going to meetings. Um,
my I'm dedicated to it again,
but I just wanted to share with you out there because, um,
I was super sad about, um, my dad passing. I couldn't handle it. And um,
I just had a tough two or three months. Um, I've had, um,
that's why these podcasts, these new ones since I've been out,
since I left Saturday out of this institution and um,
and um, you know, you were you're the first guy,
was there a girl before me? No, no. There's a girl after you. There is. Yeah,
but you're the first guy. Thanks my,
since I've been out that I'm having on this thing because, um,
I just needed somebody that, um, that knew was very funny,
but somebody that I want to be this car podcast is funny,
but I also want to be kind of real about certain. You know what I mean? I, not,
everything has to be ripping on each other and making fun of each other's or
whatever I call it. Your Dick is fine, bro. It's not that great. I know,
but it's like, it's it's hit or miss, you know,
but visually it looks like a kind of a sweet potato.
You have that sweet potato shape is weird. Huh? The shape is weird. No,
the shape. I feel like it's pretty Hardy. I feel like it's a little too Hardy,
ah, fully edible. Yeah. But it's fully edible. Like,
you'll see like yeah.
Sometimes I'll wake up in the morning and it'll have like toothpicks.
Sorry.
It by the window. You know, like, uh, at a science fair.
Yeah. My Dick is a, Dick is not a fresh product. You know what I mean?
It's been through several Wars. Oh it's aftermarket right closely.
There's two purple hearts on it because it's a survive to war.
If there are a lot. Oh really? Yeah. It's decorated bra.
I thought it was supposed to be twins, but it's like really premature maybe.
Oh you do. That's fine.
You do that to my underdeveloped twin out of my Dick bra.
Maybe like it's you bro. Get a little bit of hair installed on the top.
Yay.
But baby, it works right. Kind of very well, thank you. Oh, that's awesome.
You guys are beautiful, dude. Yeah.